stacks/kafka-flink: Improve documentation (#45)
crate/cratedb-examples: stacks/kafka-flink/README.rst

#######################################
Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, and CrateDB
#######################################

*Building industrial IoT applications with open-source components.*

*****
About
*****

Introduction
============

`Apache Kafka`_, `Apache Flink`_, and `CrateDB`_, are each distributed systems
that provide elastic scaling, fault tolerance, and high-throughput, low-latency
performance via parallel processing. Particularly, the use of CrateDB makes the
stack an extremely good fit for handling industrial time-series workloads.

The front line of the stack is Apache Kafka, used to queue messages received

> from IoT sensors and devices, making that data highly available to systems that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from IoT sensors and devices, making that data highly available to systems which
```

(To avoid repetition of `that`)

> need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they need it.
```

Author: This sounds a bit "holprig" to me.

Reviewer: Maybe then: `making that data highly available to other systems for further processing`?

Author: Excellent. Thanks!

Apache Flink is a stream processing framework that executes data pipelines,
i.e. stateful computations over data streams. Flink jobs consist of multiple

> components including source, sink, and the set of transformation operators that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
components including source, sink, and the set of transformation/processing operators that
```

are applied to a data stream.

> CrateDB is a distributed SQL database conceived for industrial data acquisition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrateDB is a distributed SQL database focusing on industrial data acquisition
```
